Second brother, I am your cousin
Why did dad call you to come?
Didn't I tell you?
You are the illegitimate daughter mentioned by the second uncle
Although I am his illegitimate daughter
In my body since you are an illegitimate daughter
Then you're not my cousin
Please don't bark in the future.
But there's one more thing you got wrong.
I wasn't called by my second uncle
I am Coach Nan Nan
What Su Ershao
He is a man who can serve the Kinshuns as well as he can
Don't be deceived by him
Son, don't you dare say a word to him again
I'll let you die unnoticed
If you don't believe me, try it.
Believe it or not, don't kill me.
Go take you home
Mr. Su, can I ask?
Why do you like this sword so much?
Su Nan? You don't like it?
It's because you're blind
You don't deserve him at all